# spotify_user_prediction_for_songs_stats_hackathon
The runners up entry to the Imperial Statistics Data Challenge 2022: using 3 separately implemented logistic regression models in a one-v-rest approach to predict Spotify users based on features of songs in their playlists


The problem considers 3 separate Spotify users: A, B and C and the songs in their libraries. Some songs can belong to all 3 of them while some can belong to any 2. The data consists of the song name, album name, features of the song such as acousticness, liveliness etc and a one-hot encoding format indicating which users have the song in their library. The task is to predict which users a song belongs to based on the features. The train data is train.csv and the scores for the hackathon are given on the basis of predictions on the test.csv file. Other .csv files have been created during the different stages of parsing the data to a suitable format, cleaning the data, and changing the encoding. The 3 .ipynb files are: data_parsing_code_1, which parses the train and test data into a workable format,  feature_engineering_2, where feature selection and engineering is carried out, and final_model_fit_3, where the final model is fit. The final model combineds 3 separate logistic regression models, each fit separately to predict the probability of a song belonging to a single user. The predictions from the 3 models are then combined and predictions for whether a song belongs to a single user, or 2, or all are made based on the predicted probabilities by the individual 3 models.

The final test file that was submitted with final predictions is debraj_mathheads2.csv
